feat: Google API Auth (#11084)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/outputs/http/README.md

  # token_url = "https://indentityprovider/oauth2/v1/token"
  # scopes = ["urn:opc:idm:__myscopes__"]

  ## Goole API Auth

>   # credentials_file = "/etc/telegraf/example_secret.json"

Reviewer: The name `credentials_file` is very generic. If this is a Google Cloud specific feature, could we rename the setting `gcp_credentials_file` or something else that indicates it's only for google apis?

Reviewer 2: This is indeed Google-specific, so yes `gcp_credentials_file` works.

Reviewer 2: Or perhaps `google_application_credentials`. Please let me know your preference.

Reviewer: `google_application_credentials` sounds good to me. It's a little long but it's descriptive and it's the same as the environment variable the cli tools use, just lowercase to fit in toml, so it should be familiar for gcp users.

https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/getting-started#setting_the_environment_variable

Reviewer 2: Done!

  # non_retryable_statuscodes = [409, 413]
```

### Google API Auth

> Configuring the `credentials_file` to the path to the json key allows Telegraf's http output plugin to communicate with
> Google Cloud APIs. To learn about creating Google service accounts, consult Google's
> [oauth2 service account documentation][create_service_account]. An example use case is a metrics proxy deployed to
> Cloud Run. In this example, the service account must have the "run.routes.invoke" permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `credentials_file` setting is used with Google Cloud APIs. It specifies the json key file. To learn about creating Google service accounts, consult Google's
[oauth2 service account documentation][create_service_account]. An example use case is a metrics proxy deployed to
Cloud Run. In this example, the service account must have the "run.routes.invoke" permission.
```

Author: @zachmares Did we address this?

Reviewer 2: Committed the suggested changes. Thank you @reimda for the word-smithing!
